Features:
* Provide a defined Interface for creating custom script module in
  post-install phase.

  This should be similar to Alice user defined
  modules (Shell scripts with access to configuration data and
  pre-defined functions).
  The Interface should provide access to a user-defined section
  in the XML control file which can be used to extend the auto-installer
  functionality by the user.
 
  Status: not started
  Completion expected: 2nd Half of June

* Make the addition of new yast2 run-time modules easier:

  When creating new run-time configuration modules, make the
  AutoInstaller find those modules automatically without the need
  to hardcode them in the autoinstaller source. Should make it easier
  to integrate changes in run-time modules and ease maintaining of
  the AutoInstaller with more modules.

  Status: Completed in configuration system, started for post-install
  Completion expected: 2nd Half of June

* Use a more powerfull xml library for parsing and processing the control
  file. In 8.0 , XML extensions of the Qt library are used. At is limited to
  basic features.
  For 8.1, libxm2 should be used, which is being used in many open-source 
  projects and provides advanced XML features and supports much more standards

  Status: Completed

* Implement XML XInclude in XML agent
  This allows inclusion of external entities, local and remote (over http). For
  example it is usefull to include a subset of the configuration in run-time which
  provides more flexibility when auto-installing different types of hardware.

  Status: Completed

* Advanced partitioning features:
  Allow users to decide what types of partitions should be created (extended, primary..)
  rather than rely on YaST2. Additionally, partitions size should be defined using 'regions'
  instead of size in bytes.

  Status: completed

* Cloning
  Create a control file from a running machine for the purpose of cloning

  Status: 
  Completion expected: 1st Half of June

* Documentation for Handbooks (SLES!)
  Update and make current docs shorter for handbook. Test and document complex scenarios, 
  especially network installations

  Completion expected: 1st Half of June

* Automatic Upgrades
  Upgrade an existing system, i.e. 8.0 -> 8.1

  Completion expected: 1st Half of July

* Create boot media for autoinstallation
  Create boot media from an existing package repository, i.e. create bootable CDs, Floppy etc.

  Status: started
  Completion expected: 2nd Half of June

* Front-End configuration
  Configure a machine as an auto-installation server with packages and control
  files repositories.

  Status: started
  Completion expected: 1st Half of July

* Import Redhat kickstart files

  Status: not started
  Completion expected: 1st Half of July

* Import Alice data
  Read configuration data from Alice repository and convert to autoyast2 data and create
  configuration/control files suitable for installation. 

  status: started
  Completion expected: 2nd Half of June


* Make all relevant YaST2 modules autoinst aware
  Relevant YaST2 configuration packages should be able to Export/Import data to the
  Configuration system. A vast majority already cooperate with autoyast2. Remaining package
  have to be adapted, i.e. firewall, users, lvm!

  status: started
  Completion expected: 1st Half of July


 
